post {
_id: String,
title: Champion Lakes - Independence Day Dog,
content: I'll be honest. I was getting a little worried that I wasn't going to have enough
variety to keep these reviews interesting. I figured I'd be doling out 7.4s to 7.8s for the rest of my hot dog rating career.
How much deviation could there be in a hot dog, it's simple enough right?
Alas I was quickly proven wrong after my 9 at Champion Lakes. Now, I want to make it
abundantly clear, there is nothing, I repeat, nothing wrong with Champion Lakes as a golf course and if you find
yourself in Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania I recommend playing there. I mean, if it's good enough for Brooks
Koepka, it's good enough for you. https://archive.triblive.com/sports/other-local/u-s-open-champ-brooks-koepkas-ties-to-western-pennsylvania-run-deep/
Unfortunately I can't say the same about the hot dog. This 4th of July, my cartmate and I planned to play a quick Independence Day 9 at Champion Lakes
before some other festivities and I was pleasantly surprised with how quickly we zipped around the course. Not wanting to miss an
opportunity to review a dog I put my order in at the snack shack. The woman who took my order was very pleasant and there were copious toppings
out on display including ketchup, mustard, relish, sauerkraut, and onion but that is where the review takes a nose dive.
The dog was handed to me on a napkin as opposed to the paper tray it's often served in. Up until now this isn't something that I'd thought
about as part of my review but I think I'll start factoring it in to the overall experience. You live and you learn. Anyway, on to the dog.
I happen to love sauerkraut so I opted for it along with my usual ketchup and mustard. Unfortunately it wasn't enough to to save the taste.
I couldn't see where the dog was pulled from but based on the texture, my guess is the dog water I so revile. The taste was low quality and
gave me the feeling I was eating mystery meat. What really did me in was the texture. Completely soft throughout and
seemed like it might not have been cooked through. Luckily, I'm pretty sure hot dogs are so processed to begin with that you could eat one raw and
be fine but that doesn't mean I want to do it.* The icing on the bad review cake was the bun. Not a bad bun per se but it wasn't completely intact when
it was handed to me so I have to dock points for that. My cartmate's was fine but hey, I'm reviewing my dog, not his. Overall I'm giving Champion Lakes
Dog At The Turn a 3.2. Just not a great dog experience however, I do want to reiterate that the course and staff are lovely and I wholeheartedly
recommend playing there, just maybe bring your own snacks.

*Please consume golf course hot dogs responsibly, I am not liable for you falling ill from an uncooked dog.
date: 07/04/2020
imageLocation:, String,
rating: {
    overall: 3.2,
    taste: 3.8,
    texture: 2.2,
    bun: 2,
    toppings: 7.5,
    service: 7.5
  }
 courseId: String
}

Course schema

course {
_id: String,
name: Champion Lakes,
location: Bolivar, PA
url: https://pagolf.com/
}
