website: https://www.lindenwoodgolf.com/

Title: Lindenwood - Back To The Baseline
Review: I'm pretty new to Western PA and Lindenwood
has become a course that I go back to time and time again for a variety of reasons.
They've got a great staff, a solid range facility with multiple chipping and putting greens,
and three 9 hole courses with different layouts to keep things interesting. In
my short time living in the area it's a course that I've become familiar with and is always
a good baseline for testing my, typically mediocre, game. A lot of the time on 27 hole courses each
nine will have some clever name to distinguish them but at Lindenwood they've gone with the
classy and understated "Red", "Blue", and "Gold" routes. On this day I played the Red/Blue rotation,
often thought of as the most challenging combo because the red plays a lot longer from whichever tees
you decide to play and half are uphill. Even the randos I was paired with referred to the first four holes of Red as
"The Gauntlet". They were being funny but I played them at 6 over that day so I guess I took it to heart.
But you don't care about my round (if you do, feel free to contact me and I will go over every shot in excruciating
detail) you care about the dog.

I'll let y'all in on a little secret, Lindenwood Golf Club is where I first had
the idea for a golf course hot dog rating site. Oh, it has nothing to do with Lindenwood in particular or the dog itself.
It's just where it happened to dawn on me that the act of eating hot dogs after the 9th hole seems to
be a shared experience that most golfers have. That being said, I'm not going to fluff Lindenwood's
review. You grab your dog at Lindenwood's grill which is adjacent to their clubhouse.
They don't have a separate snack shack but that's okay because all of the nines put you back at the clubhouse.
Some get you there faster than others, for example, if you play the blue first you'll have to drive a bit through
the woods and the parking lot but still not a big deal. The clubhouse is pleasant and the staff at the grill area
are always great. The woman serving me this time wore some fun covid masks with funky designs and was super friendly.
If I had to sum the dog up in a word I'd use "standard". They have all of the topping options you'd need,
the dog is perfectly fine, and the bun comes out of the same hot dog bun bag they all come out of. After coming off
a birdie on the 9th I was pretty stoked to fuel up with a dog and, to that end, Lindenwood's glizzy served it's purpose.
It was pretty tasty but didn't seem super high quality. I think after doing a few of these reviews I've learned that I put
a lot of stock in the texture and that's the main area where this dog faltered. It was relatively soft (cooked through but soft)
and had virtually no snap. The topping situation was great but the bartender applied them herself. Given that it's Covid
I won't knock them for that but if any golf industry food service professionals are reading, please let me add my own
toppings once we return to normalcy. As the title suggests, I think Lindenwood's dog at the turn is a great baseline
for all once and future hot dogs. I'm giving it a 6.3. 
