
title: Madison Club - a hot day for a hot dog
content: Golf is a game that often mirrors life in that it is endlessly frustrating. One day you're riding
high, thinking you're god's gift to the game and the next you're having an existential crisis and questioning your
purpose on Earth. Is my self worth too attached to my handicap? Perhaps. We don't need to get into the specifics of my round at the lovely Madison Club but suffice it to say it had me seriously considering putting my
clubs up on Facebook Marketplace or maybe just on dumping them on the side of the road. What we do need to get into however,
is the Madison Club's hot dog. Folks, this is why I created this site. As the About section notes, the Dog At The Turn has the unique
ability to transport you to another state of being; whether that's giving you the perfect amount of fuel to elevate your game to reach new heights never though possible or
simply elevate your mood so you're not a pouty loser on the back 9. Don't be that guy. While this day had me on the
latter half of that spectrum, I believe the Madison Club's hot dog could have done both. To start, you don't need to go into the clubhouse to order food,
they have a convenient snack shack right at the turn with a little window to put your order in. You drive right up, place your order, and go on your way.
I'm a big fan of snack shacks at the turn and bonus points for minimal contact (shoutout Covid-19). I was able to sneak a peak into the shack and saw that came off a roller which, as I said in my first review
is way better than opaque dog water. The hot dog itself was delicious, well cooked,
and tasted like all beef. It had a good amount of snap but wasn't burnt either. The bun was fresh and didn't crumble. It didn't have any wow factor but that's pretty
much expected. Toppings were where the Madison Club could improve. I'm not sure if it was because of Covid but all they had was ketchup and mustard which was probably the
only knock against them. The woman at the window was quite friendly and offered to give us bags of ice for the beer we got to go along with the dogs.
Overall, I'd give this dog a 7.4. Not as tasty as Cranberry Highlands' but a worthy contender and most importantly, it offered me newfound perspective on
life when I was feeling down.
date: 07/03/2020
imageLocation:, String,
rating: {
    overall: 7.4,
    taste: 7.8,
    texture: 7.3,
    bun: 7,
    toppings: 6.5,
    service: 8.5
  }
 courseId: String
}

Course schema

course {
_id: String,
name: The Madison Club,
location: Madison, PA
url: https://www.themadisonclub.com/
}
