Every golfer has had the following experience: you're about to make a tee time
for the weekend but your phone's weather app shows nothing but thunderstorm-emojis.
You make the tee time anyway cause "the weather app is never right" and imagine the tasty chip-in you'll have on Saturday.
The day comes and the rain is holding off juuuuuuust enough that you might be okay so you head to
the course and hope for the best. Sometimes you get lucky, and sometimes you don't. I ventured out
toward the Pittsburgh Airport to Quicksilver Golf Club, hoping to get lucky, and decidedly did not.
I like to get to the course early to hit the range so I can chunk some irons and blade wedges, so I
was at Quicksilver about an hour early when the weather hadn't rolled in yet. Even when I started my round,
my group and I got through most of the front nine with only sporadic showers that lasted
five or ten minutes so we thought we were in the clear. However, as soon as we got to the eighth hole (a
sick downhill par 3 over water where if you go long you're in a massive bunker) it began to downpour and twenty
minutes later I was soaked. I'm not a big fan of sloshing around in wet clothes so I chose to end it there
and get to the part of the review that you came for...the dog.

Quicksilver's a course that's in my regular rotation in Western PA. It's always in great condition and is just
generally a fun track with a wide variety of holes. I've even had the hot dog before but never in the context of
a formal review so obviously I was excited to really think about what I was eating. At Quicksilver, there's a separate
bar entrance where you can park you cart in front of and is next to the 10th tee so it's pretty convenient whether
you're making the turn or just playing nine like I was that day. The staff is always nice and I was helped quickly
even though there were a bunch of other people in the bar area. The dog came off a roller and I saw the server pull
a bun out of a bag which is pretty standard so I'm not docking any points there. For toppings they had ketchup, mustard,
relish, and mayo all in individual packets. I really hope the mayo was for other sandwiches on the menu though. I'm not
one to yuck someone's yum but if you put mayo on a hot dog you might need to be put on a list and monitored by the
FBI. Not saying you need to be immediately apprehended, but maybe kept an eye on. Anyway, I applied my usual ketchup
and mustard and dug in. The dog was a good size and definitely tasty. Not spectacular, but a good all-beef hot dog
that hit the spot after I'd gotten destroyed by the rain. My only issue with it was that there was pretty much no snap.
Overall I'm giving Quicksilver's hot dog a 6.8. I'll certainly be coming back for many more.
